and I'm already in between and support
municipality of bugre a serious accident was
registered vehicle involving four vehicles
two people died, including one
taxi driver in the city of caratinga and his
brother
see details the accident was
recorded early Sunday morning in the br
116 in ubaporanga the collision involved
four vehicles and culminated in the
two people
as an overtaking has been
performed by the truck
frontier plates of inhapim that was
being led by joão batista de
almeida son of 33 years may have
caused the accident
the vehicle hit head on with a golf
caratinga plate that was being
conducted by taxi driver José Carlos
son of 34 years who was rescued with
life but died hours after entry
in the municipal emergency service
caratinga
He was already the golf driver .
which is what was stuck to the hardware
Then I used the plague that is for us.
unlock and together with popular
people were able to remove this
hardware
the situation in london one of the victims
I was practically with the pc is
very serious route the victim's point
ready municipal service of
caratinga
she has a face and chest trauma and
exposed fracture of the lower limb
left on the golf was also brother
the taxi driver
delcídio carolino de faria, 38 years old
who died on the premises attached to the fittings
firefighters also
the truck driver and the passenger
Jessica Sabrina, 20 years old, both
sent to pam de caratinga
the occupants of other vehicles do not
injured the collision still involved this
vehicle fiat one blue plate
ubaporanga conducted by adriano
procópio and this fiat uno of wine color
inhapim plates that were being
conducted by diogo silvério freitas de
23 and had as passenger jociel de
freitas coast from 29 to adriano and diogo
gave details about the accident
He finally sent it here. It came.
cutting me cut cut 1 blue on the hour
that I arrived here he had collided with
one with golf
the boy was closing in on the blue I was
ago I could not get to my car and
hit
I was coming there I saw a dust in the
overturned car
There I reduced there are in frames
then the impact of the impact behind me hit
Then I ran, said Kaka.
cap cap in his father's car when he
stopped in the middle of the track
then I got out there the heap of bic
people a sound that whole thing
in the place of the facts during the service
carried out by the teams of the
civilian firefighter and volunteers
a woman came to be injured according to
witnessed the work.
when it was hit by another vehicle
passing through the highway it was
to the previous ones sent to the
ready municipal service of
caratinga